hey um thanks again for all the things
for the comments on the last video
especially showing your interest in this
idea like people say a genuine interest
of some sort of you I definitely think
it's a good idea a good idea for a
generator I wasn't sure what you guys
were wondering specifically so i could I
made some more notes since I last talked
about I could like go through and
explain each area bit by bit so the
general idea is you have a low gravity
chamber with salt water that you bring
together with a magnetic current into
the shape of the sphere and then you
surround it particularly with something
that's going to absorb the heat it gives
off and it doesn't have to be super
close to it because the bigger this ball
guess it's going to give a lots and lots
more heat up to a point where it starts
to get off less as it gets bigger but
still is going to give off so much today
will be given up a lot more the
equations are here some of them just a
couple of them try to make sense of a
volume versus surface area getting an
idea of how that mean what that means
radially do the radius see volume is um
it's not as boring as it seems volume is
four-thirds PI multiplied by the radius
cubed and the the area is 4 pi x radius
squared
basically as it gets bigger it takes
more volume to raise the surface area
the same amount um I think so oh where
to start all right so it's got to be
sealed this this casing it doesn't have
to go what I was saying was sorry get
sidetracked so this is this casing unit
that you that you would be surrounding
the the star kind of thing with could be
very far away and it may have to be very
far away but still contain it if you can
because I don't like the idea of static
energy in the universe and galaxies and
I would last thing I would want is the
Sun to send a giant lightning bolt into
this thing because it wasn't protected
and insulated so it's got to be
insulated but also so you can pass
electromagnetic frequency through it
because the whole point is you send this
you kick the magnet on hold it in place
in the middle and then you send them you
turn the frequency generator on send a
current through it and it's going to
ignite it and it's going to give a
hydrogen heat which is about 1,600
degrees Celsius when measured in the
laboratory in a test tube I'm wondering
if a giant surface area will actually
make it hotter but probably 100 1,600
degrees Celsius per cubic inch so you
know if you get close like you have all
these 1600 degree Celsius areas pointing
at you it gets kind of hot um so you
kick the frequency on light it up the
hydrogen starts giving a hydrogen and
chlorine because the sodium and the
chlorine from the salt disperse and so
chlorine will be the primary waste
product here so I had an idea you could
rinse it with a solution of water and
sodium salt water and sodium and and if
you do that the proper heat or agitate
in the right way you might be able to
form salt with a sodium and the chlorine
that's in here and then you would wash
it and then vacuum out however much
volume wise you don't need and then you
kick the magnet on again and it's all
going to just let warp to the middle in
this spherical form
hold there for you um so the panel's
best I could come up with are these
quasi crystals that are just fantastic
solar generators I mean they really just
handle they look up kwasi crystal if you
want to find out more about them um
they're really good at taking
electricity and sending it somewhere I I
thought maybe lead maybe a lead casing I
don't know if leads the best metal
though out to use on this thing and
maybe carbon as a frame at least that
it's very durable and flexible spirit
over here then I started to make some
notes and salt water it's all got the
the waste disposal method no it's true
take a hit all the marks um with what
I've got so far
it doesn't have to be close together it
can be really far spread out I think so
yeah any more questions or ideas or
anything about it let me know my big
concern right now is how to transport
the energy like it's going to be
producing a lot so I don't know what you
would use to refract that if you cause
like I keep doing an arc lightning you
could use maybe in space would be so
dangerous for like on the earth you know
it's kind of then I maybe we could send
lightning bolts into the ground or
something like that but yeah let me know
about storage capacity you could think
of